guys girls are all I yes laces
tied and you are minecraft we are here
I had randomly you know that all
days a new bot and far fewer years
you have complained many a few
you have stopped being well in the
presentation that I always do at the beginning
in the aspect referring to every day
a random amount to see the ones that are
new to the channel do not know that all
the days I do a mod 3 so I say
those 6 oldest or 6 rather
for the old ones from long ago that I
you know of employment of doing many
subscribers back and others yes you know
that every day I do a mod but more
that nothing I say for anyone
new that enters looking for this way that
know that in this channel you will find
every day a mode of agreement
then to help others a little
it's the same as you always know
mediando a being able to because always
is watching a town but always
they also always have two ironworks and in
your place never meets two well-off
the ironworks together of the same town
always one and it's super disgusting but
get a seed that we have of
truth is a measured and good challenge is not
a challenge is a challenge in minecraft not in my
lifetime
so let's start we want the
you will see that this is blue and I agree
so let's go let's stay there
there also if before you start
married and forge for one because this
point 2 but it's in beta version is not
because one hundred percent of it I think
80 percent and it works pose and
actor and mind also be that he has gone
the of time but there is also the 80
percent is not one hundred percent of the mod will
there are also many little things missing
but you already agree then until
that things are not one hundred percent
I will not record the 7.2 voucher
and well let's start this module that
he's going to do us, it's good, you all know
the babies of animals not in order
of accounts is what is own
sheep and babies
what the nickname does is change them
a little bit to see if the aunt is moving
as you see in return totally look
that like taking out of grasping grass we
you know it's like always part
of the chicken himself image is brutal me
like it very much and does it with all
animals agree if we catch the cow and
have it move now
you see the calves are super
pimps
is very curried there is at least me
They really like chicks
They are yellow and they are also
super good they will be just small things
that for me minecraft would make me more
nice voucher movement because I like it
until it is blue or
and try wolf puppies
in pimp it's true to me it's cool to delay
very much
let's go testing with everyone
also the mushroom cows that you see that
they are born without editing or anything like that
he is also very cool
young
Oh
for this they are thrown out there
Pigs also have here
that as well as a feature and more flames
clarito vale
and nothing looks like we look like
what with the little horses also around here
but these do not change
the poop poop burned we have more
that's why we have more of this
here of agreement cardio thought also
it will be for animals because the best for
the enemies also makes the same
change that I already do not know and I'm going to
try it right now because it 's a
doubt that can come to you
agreement and me too
there we have
ay from Mossel Bay I saw that it has not changed
not at all feeling the same face
bad that always has
and the zombie having been my baby there is
where are you going boss
are enough for changed nothing we will leave to
the poor allies in peace
and that's basically already these are the mod
from today
tell you important that for the utility
of the mod says that it adds a new one a new
has an entry voucher voucher that is a
mix between a hen and a squid
ok but what is happening that is already
looking around here at the meeting I do not know
where is I have no idea hey what
To you better off today is
great I was because I was going
I see it I do not see it anywhere is what
I've read from here to be true
movement know
and this already dies you die things that
pass
and that's it if you liked the model
like and subscribe and you know that I
you can find on facebook in tweets
in google +
on twitter has a thousand things is
there in all the networks in taringa
everywhere so nothing where else
you are only on twitter and google buzz
which is where I can only always be when
I'm going to play a lieutenant run is where
where the strong soil write of
agreement and the guys fills me more and
better agree until later